all of my film reviews are archived at http : //us . imdb . com/m/reviews_by ? justin + felix this review has been submitted to the shrubbery. inspired by the short story the legend of sleepy hollow by washington irving . 
quaid stars as a man who has taken up the proffesion of dragonslayer after he feels he is betrayed by a dragon early in the movie . he runs into the last dragon in existence , and there is a genuinely amusing battle between the two which results in a standoff where quaid is in the dragons mouth , but has his sword pointed at the dragons brain . eventually , they decide to call a truce , and they work out a deal . since he is the last dragon , he will pretend to die and quaid will be able to get paid for it .
starring : val kilmer ( bruce wayne/batman ) , jim carrey ( edward nygma/the riddler ) , tommy lee jones ( harvey dent/two-face ) , chris o'donnell ( dick grayson/robin ) , nicole kidman ( dr . chase meridian ) directed by : joel schumacher , written by : lee batchler & janet scott batchler and akiva goldsman , based on characters created by bob kane rated pg-13 by the mpaa for violence , strong language , and a sexual implication or two 
directed by : roland emmerich , written by : dean devlin & roland emmerichrated pg-13 for violence , mild profanity 
written by sidney howard ; produced by david o . selznik ; directed by victor fleming ; based on the novel by margaret mitchell . seen july 8 , 1998 at the crossgates cinema 18 , ( albany , ny ) , theater #7 , at 8 : 15 p . m . with my mom using hoyts cinema cash . [theater rating : * * * 1/2 : very good sound , picture , and seats] 
vincent grows up weaker , shorter and less graceful than his younger brother anton . if that weren't enough , mom and dad treat the boys differently , as if vincent might break from the same fall that anton brushes off . understandably , vincent grows up wanting to get as far away from home - and from people - as possible , all the way to the moons of jupiter . 
the disney studios has its formula for annual , full-length animated features down so pat that it's hard to remember which one you're watching at any given moment . once again we have a tale focused around a strong central character . add the requisite love interest and a wise-cracking sidekick or two , pep up the soundtrack with a handful of strategically placed show tunes ( an introspective number by a pool or looking in a mirror , a rousing anthem , a cutesy , montage-backed crowd pleaser ) , pose a few threats to our engaging lead , and tie things all up neatly by the closing credits . 
it's been done throughout film history over and over again , and has become one of the many sub-genres , like the prep school sub-genre , the angst-filled teen sub-genre , and the slasher sub-genre . what makes " peter's friends " so remarkable is not how it doesn't follow the rules of this sub-genre , but how it follows it so well , and creates characters that i wouldn't mind hanging with . what are the rules of the reunion sub-genre ? well . . . . 1 . you need a group of friends , most of them married or at least dating. 
the first thing you notice about this movie is that it's cold . placed in minnesota and north dakota during the winter , many of the scenes take place outside with long scenes of snow-covered ground against a background of white . just what we need as bloomington struggles out of the endless long cold night. in brief scenes of vicious violence , people get shot through the head , in the back , face , chest and various other areas of the anatomy . there is also one of the most unpleasant body disposal scenes yet seen on the screen . remarkably enough , most of the movie is played for laughs . 
i had been expecting more of this movie than the less than thrilling twister . twister was good but had no real plot and no one to simpithize with .. . . i liked this movie . . . but it was not as great as i hoped . i was still good none the less . it had excellent special effects . the best view . . . the helecopters flying over the streets of volcanos . also . . . there were interesting side stories that made the plot more interesting . so . . . it was good.
he is duncan macleod of the clan macleod . he's been pimpin' it since he was born in the village of glennfillan in 15somethingsomething , and he continues to pimp it in modern day . he is immortal and he cannot die . 
a michael jordan fan's heartbreak 
these are words that could be used to describe the emotions of john sayles' characters in his latest , limbo . but no , i use them to describe myself after sitting through his latest little exercise in indie egomania . i can forgive many things . but using some hackneyed , whacked-out , screwed-up * non * -ending on a movie is unforgivable . i walked a half-mile in the rain and sat through two hours of typical , plodding sayles melodrama to get cheated by a complete and total copout finale . does sayles think he's roger corman ? 
rarely have to so divergent reviews for one movie crossed my desk on the same day . to wit , we present a unique experience
running time : 92 minutes note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers . be forewarned . -------------------------------------------------------------to assess alex cox's film the winner as a loser would be so indolent . it would be derisive . it would be glib . it would be dismissive 
the following review contains some harsh language . . . but what did you expect when you clicked on this title ?  the thought of losing you makes me all vomity inside .
annie wilson ( cate blanchett ) , a widow who struggles to raise her children in a small town in georgia is asked for help by local authorities in solving the case of a missing woman . annie is something of a psychic , she has involuntary bouts with the supernatural where she can see the past and the future and physically feel the actions happenning to her she envisions . her " gift " leads to the arrest of a nasty wife beater who may or may not have killed the pretty rich girl found in the swamp on his property . in an ultra conservative backwoods town will her testimony based on her psychic visions hold up in court ? do they even have the right man ? 
in duets , karaoke bars dominate the american western landscape like taco bells and starbucks . they're in every major city and full of hot , young people swaying while marginally talented participants sing weather girls covers . karaoke is a craze , the way dandruff or waxy ears are a craze . i like to think i'm pretty pop culture savvy , thanks to years of reading rolling stone and entertainment weekly . but i don't remember reading one article about karaoke clubs being the discos of our times . 
everything in the phantom you have seen many times before and there is nothing new presented here . wincer displays absolutely no skill in setting up an exciting action sequence . billy zane is wooden as the hero . kristy swanson is given very little to do , and does very little with it . treat williams , looking like rhett butler but sounding like mickey mouse , is one of the worst villains i have ever seen in a movie . only catherine zeta jones , as one of williams cohorts turns in a good performance . however , if youre looking for a fun family movie , go watch the underrated flipper . this is not a good movie .
"expectations " may be an obsession of mine , but i'll say it : * if you can park virtually every expectation at the door * , this will be a flick that can become addictive . it will hit you on more levels than most three other movies . it's a romp--the sort of thing lots of us wanted to do as kids--screw everything , grab a car , and beat it for the border . it's an adventure--where the stakes are high , and the hero must play everything right or face disaster . it's a comedy--where adults are somewhat silly , and two kids create their own universe . it's sort of like a horror story , but without magic or the supernatural--where the demons are utterly ordinary people doing ordinary sorts of things . and it's a morality play--where the hero has to face himself and his own actions . but if you can't park the expectations , you may very well hit a wall with this film . others have . 
the following review encompasses two versions of dune : dune : the theatrical version ( 1984 ) runtime : 137 minutes capsule review : cut down to just over two hours by nervous studio executives , the theatrical version of dune is a spectacular mess and may be incomprehensible to those unfamiliar with the book . the film's visual splendour , mystical beauty and impressive action scenes only partly compensate for gaping holes in the narrative
a hollywood production office--plush , swank , business-like . interior . day . writer jim kouf is pitching his idea . he draws an imaginary theater marquee in the air and announces proudly , " stakeout ii . it's perfect . think
the premise of turbulence is i'm sure very familiar to us all . we've seen it before in passenger 57 , executive decision , and countless other flicks that are good in there own way . you know , terrorists take over a plane , ask the police on the ground for what they what and so on . turbulence starts out with a " convict " ray liotta being accused of a crime .
make a likable trio of protagonists , but they're just about the only palatable element of the mod squad , a lame-brained big-screen version of the 70s tv show . the story has all the originality of a block of wood ( well , it would if you could decipher it ) , the characters are all blank slates , and scott silver's perfunctory action sequences are as cliched as they come . by sheer force of talent , the three actors wring marginal enjoyment from the proceedings whenever they're on screen , but the mod squad is just a second-rate action picture with a first-rate cast . 
